Add board ssci_isp1807_dev_board (#898)
adafruit/circuitpython-org: _board/ssci_isp1807_dev_board.md

---
layout: download
board_id: "ssci_isp1807_dev_board"
title: "SSCI ISP1807 Dev Board Download"
name: "SSCI ISP1807 Dev Board"
manufacturer: "Switch Science, Inc"
board_url: "https://ssci.to/6454"
board_image: "ssci_isp1807_dev_board.jpg"
date_added: 2022-3-16
family: nrf52840
features:
  - Bluetooth/BTLE
  - USB-C
  - Breadboard-Friendly
---

> This is a development board includes a Bluetooth Low Energy-enabled ISP1807 from Insight SiP (based on the nRF52840).This board has a 3.3V regulator, reset SW, general purpose SW and LED, and USB Type-C connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a development board includes a Bluetooth Low Energy-enabled ISP1807 from Insight SiP (based on the nRF52840). This board has a 3.3 V regulator, a reset switch (SW1), a general purpose switch (SW2), two LEDs and a USB-C connector.
```

Author: thank you
